---
layout: post
title: My Life!
date: 2008-03-12
tags: Poetry
author: Himangshu Saikia
---

This one was written in the workspace one night.. it was half past midnight and I was alone.. actually I wasn't alone.. Raj was there, but he was sleeping (on three chairs), snoring away, so, technically I was alone. There was perfect silence. And no opponent to play Tekken with 😦 Anyways it was half past 12 and the canteen normally closes at 2AM. I had one and a half hour to kill... hence the poem.

---

I was born a hard metal  
I was a sight to behold  
They flattened, twisted and curved me up  
Till my skin shined like gold  
My head was sharp  
My body slim  
Maybe they put all their sweat  
While carefully all my edges trim  
In admiration they saw me rise  
I could see my destiny in their eyes  

I am a happy little soul  
I am glad that I am here  
The world seems so beautiful  
Forever at all the sights I could stare  

I slid down the tunnels  
And rolled on the corrugated sheets  
Life seemed to move so fast  
But now I had company  
Of other happy souls like me  
They did not talk, nor did they smile  
Maybe they were plain emotionless  
Or maybe just too shy  
But deep inside I somehow knew  
They were glad to be here too  

I am a happy little soul  
I have found others like me  
I guess we all share a purpose  
To live up to our destiny  

Once out of the factory  
I travelled far and wide to distant places  
Some of us, rusted and broken, named 'invalid' and dead  
Ended up being discarded  
Slowly the truth dawned on me  
That the world had place for only the fittest  
And I was proud to be amongst the best,  
Being a part of the chosen few  
Having no color, no race, no religion  
Just the faith to do what was due  

I am a happy little soul  
Grown up, been lucky too  
By air, water and land I travelled  
To know what I needed to do..  

It was long before we stopped  
When me and my friends saw light  
Sold to strangers who looked down on us  
Dropped us down to the ground from a height  
We rolled, here and there, amidst thousands of us  
It was a congregation of happy souls!  
All shapes and sizes these people bought  
Picked up, stuffed into barrel holes  
To stay tight and firm, we fought  
My heart pounded, my mind had a thought  
"This is the time (for so long) I sought!"  

I am a happy little soul  
Finally I found my chance for fame  
In a strange smoky barrel  
Kalashnikov was its name  

As I waited patiently  
Time seemed like eternity  
Constant sounds of blasts and screams  
And trickling blood  
Filled the same air I breathe  
"The world is not as happy as I thought.."  
The dreams shattered, the aura gone!  
Suddenly I hoped, not knowing why  
Scared for the first time in my life  
I wished I had.. never came by  

I am a confused little soul  
Scared of the truth which hurts  
I wish life was faster now  
I don't want this pain to last!  

And 'Boom' it did sound!  
I flew out of the small hole  
Making my way through thickets and trees  
Breathless, blind and bold  
In exact silence I sped through  
Stopped for a moment before rushing in  
Slipped through blood and to a standstill  
Finally realizing my true purpose  
The meaning of my existence!  
Piercing a human heart, shot from a gun..  
I lay dumb and motionless, shocked at what I had done  

I am a sad little soul  
Lived my life, served my time  
All my pride was for nothing  
My purpose – to kill a child!  

Shameful of my creation, guilt is all I gain  
I wish to run away, to be burnt, and never felt again..  

---

### Comments

- **Ashish Anand** (on March 13, 2008) : Saikia bond’s masterpiece !!!  
The last few stanzas of the poem are really great.  
Rock on Saikia 🙂  

- **Abhinav Jha** (on March 13, 2008) : Now that's the way a poem is supposed to be written ! Only someone like Saikia Bond can put life into an inanimate object such as a bullet. Reminded me of the movie "Lord of war", though. Nice one ! I am no expert on poems, but I like the fact that you don't try to make lines rhyme for the heck of it. Nice work, keep them coming !

- **Himangshu Saikia** (on March 13, 2008) : Thanks guys for your insight. I'd forgot to mention one thing, The opening credits from the movie 'Lord of War' was what inspired me to write this one, kudos to you Jha Bond, as always you’re bang on!

- **Kshitij Maheshwari** (on March 13, 2008) : well….. i dnt have ne words
nice autobiography…. intersting comparisions, dont have words to express…. one thing i wud like to say buddhism has really grown upon ya and i m damn happy for ya my friend 🙂  
well the thing is bullets do hurt only things is each side has its own reasons to fie cos each side thinks god is on their side but whose side is he really on 😦  
and wat makes it much more interesting is how a bullet feels
all in all nice job  

- **Ipchita Bharali** (on March 19, 2008) : oh wow.. i’m speechless.. this was truly a great piece of work.. man, how do you keep these masterpieces coming one after the other? great job.. loved it [:)]

- **Pradyumna Mahanta** (on March 21, 2008) : though i m not of literary genius sakia bond this master piece to say the least will make into a great "rock song".Its amazin!!! apart from your computer skills you got an equivalent literary skill. Sakia keep belting out these master pieces!!!

- **Maharnab Hazarika (aka Maya Butler)** (on January 21, 2012) : Good writing. Really Liked the emphasis of the line- i am a happy little soul and then the change of the feelings by a word. And the situations you pointed were realistic.:)